maintains a permanent communication between the Concessionaire’s control iacili

ty and

GAC SA’s control iacility. The mode oi such communication shall be agreed by the

Concessionaire and GAC SA in accordance with the Rules oi the Art; and

uses reasonable eiiorts to put into place tor GAC SA a right oi access to vi
Concessionaire’s control iacilities at any time.

ARTICLE 11: IMPROVEMENT OF MARITIME SIGNALING

GAC SA will transmit to ANAIM, which transmit to the Concessionaire, a drait programme

sit the

or the

improvement oi the maritime signaling system describing GAC SA’s needs regarding the movements oi

ships oi GAC SA in the port oi Kamsar.

ANAIM will ensure that the Concessionaire submits its technical report to the Technical Commit
adoption within three (3) months oi its communication. In this respect, ANAIM undertake not to w
their consent to GAC SA’s program without a legitimate motivation, dulyjustiiied irom a technical
iinancial point oi view, nor to subject their consent to conditions which are not duly justiiied
technical and/oriinancial point oi view.

After adoption, these construction plans shall constitute Annex 3 C, which shall be an integral
this Agreement.

The new equipments must be compatible with those oi the existing system.

This improvement plan and its implementation shall be iinanced by the escrow account in place

maintenance oi the Existing lnirastructures oi the Kamsar Port (which, tor the avoidance oi do

diiierent irom the Escrow Account contemplated herein).

Without prejudice to the provisions oi Articles 21 and 25, ANAIM and the State shall ensure tha
improvement and completion plans shall be correctly implemented by the Concessionaire.

ARTICLE 12: FRENCH DOCK

ee tor
ithhold
and/or
rom a

oart oi

or the
ubt, is

these

The State grants to GAC SA the right to use the French Dock provided that such use will respect the

use oi this dock by CBG.

To this eiiect, GAC SA shall submit to ANAIM the programmes oi the chartered ships on the basis oi

the works required tor the Project.

The ships transporting ireight tor GAC SA to the French Dock shall pay the Port Royalty in iorce, as

applied to all users.

20

