GAC SA shall undertake the ﬁnancing oi these installations. The amounts invested by GAC SA shall be
repaid in accordance with the terms oi Article 19.

9.3 Methods oi use oi Rail Signaling and communication during the operation period:

The signaling and communication systems to be put in place shall be uniiied in order to secure and
ease the operation and maintenance.

The operation oi the Rail Signaling and Communication shall be carried out by the Concessionaire, who
shall transmit to the Technical Committee the elements necessary ior this operation.

9.4 The communication system on the Main Railway Line shall be centralized at the level oi the
Concessionaire’s control tower. However, the communications in GAC SA and CBG’s marshalling
yards shall be managed by their own respective systems.

9.5 Without prejudice to the provisions oi Articles 21 and 25 oi this Agreement, the State shall take
all the necessary steps so that Rail Signaling and Communication services be implemented correctly to
enable the movements oi the trains oi GAC SA and oi any other user in a sale manner ior goods and
persons.

In addition, ior the purposes oi monitoring and daily management, in line with the best interests oi GAC
SA, the State and ANAIM shall ensure that the Concessionaire:

- maintains a permanent communication between the Concessionaire’s control iacility and
GAC SA’s control iacility. The mode oi such communication shall be agreed by the
Concessionaire and GAC SA in accordance with the Rules oi the Art; and

- uses reasonable eiiorts to put into place ior GAC SA a right oi access to visit the
Concessionaire’s control iacilities at any time.

ARTICLE 10: CHANNEL
10.1 Improvements:
GAC SA undertakes to construct a turning basin (as described in Annex 3 C).

GAC SA will transmit to ANAIM, which will transmit to the Concessionaire, the drait plans ior the
completion oi the turning basin, which is included in the Additional lnirastructures and installations.

ANAIM will ensure that the Concessionaire will provide the Technical Committee with a technical report
within three (3) months, irom the date oi receipt oi the drait plans by the Concessionaire.

Based on this report, the Technical Committee will approve a plan ior the completion oi the
improvements within three (3) months iollowing the submission date oi the Concessionaire’s report. In
this respect, ANAIM undertake not to withhold their consent to GAC SA’s program without a legitimate
motivation, duly justiiied irom a technical and/or iinancial point oi view, nor to subject their consent to
conditions which are not dulyjustiiied irom a technical and/or iinancial point oi view.

These plans ior the construction oi Additional lnirastructures and installations shall constitute Annex
Q, which shall be an integral part oi this Agreement.

18

