ARTICLE 14: THE RAIL SIGNALING AND COMMUNICATION SYSTEM

14.1 The State guarantees to GAC SA that the Concessionaire shall maintain the Rail Signaling and
Communication system in coniorrnity with the Schedule oi Speciiications and the Rules oi the Art in
order to ensure a continuous, regular and secure use, this without prejudice to the provisions oi Articles
21 and 25.

14.2 No expansion oi these installations shall prevent a good operating condition oi the
communication system required tor the satisiactory operation oi GAC SA’s activities, and no expansion
shall be undertaken without the prior approval oi the Technical Committee.

14.3 Depending on the evolution oi technology in the electronics iield, the radio equipment shall be
renewed iollowing periodic technical expert analysis.

14.4 A regular and major inspection oi the Rail Signaling and Communication system shall be
undertaken by an independent specialist company at the expense oi the Concessionaire every live (5)
years — at the request oi the Technical Committee — or more irequently, it the conditions so require.

ARTICLE 15: CHANNEL AND MARITIME SIGNALING AND COMMUNICATION

The operation and the maintenance oi the Channel and oi the Maritime Signaling and Communication
shall be the responsibility oi the Concessionaire in accordance with the Schedule oi Speciiications and
the Rules oi the Art iollowing a programme approved by the Technical Committee. ANAIM shall ensure
that it is periectly implemented by the Concessionaire within the time irame approved by the Technical
Committee, this without prejudice to the provisions oi Articles 21 and 25.

Subject to the provisions oi Articles 19 below, the Parties agree that an appropriate and suiiicient
percentage oi the additional royalty tor the maintenance oi the Channel (Annex 3 G) shall be used tor
the maintenance oi the Channel and the Maritime Signaling and Communication and kept in the Escrow
Account in order to ensure the maintenance oi the Channel and the Maritime Signaling and
Communication and the remaining shall be used tor large periodic major works.

ARTICLE 16: URGENT CASES

In the case oi a severe accident aiiecting the Existing lnirastructures and/or the Additional
lnirastructures and installations and which aiiects their continuous, regular and secure operation, the
State and ANAIM shall ensure that the Concessionaire shall immediately iniorrn the Technical

Committee by any means, and the Concessionaire shall urgently undertake all necessary steps in order
to restore the continuous and secure service oi such installations. The State and ANAIM shall ensure

that the Concessionaire develops and maintains a Rules oi the An emergency preparedness and
response plan, which will be reviewed and commented upon within the Technical Committee.

lithe continuous, regular and secure service is not restored as soon as possible, the State and ANAIM
undertake to eniorce the provisions oi the Concession Agreement and to take all other legal measures
in order to ensure, without delay, the correct restoration oi the continued, correct and secure operation
oi such installations.

Each Party shall remain tree to draw conclusions irom these situations and take any legal and judicial
actions in order to protect its interests. The State and ANAIM shall cause the Concessionaire to

