19.4: Financing by GAC SA and/or GAC Ltd:

ll the State is not able to obtain concessionnal rate loans, GAC SA and/or GAC Ltd shall obtain the
required linancing (in equity or by linancing obtained lrom the Lenders); lor that purpose the State
hereby grants the lollowing guarantees to GAC SA and GAC Ltd:

a) The State and ANAIM guarantee to GAC SA and GAC Ltd that all the linancing obtained by GAC
SA and I or GAC Ltd to cover the design, development, implementation and construction oi the
Additional inlrastructures and Installations (principal, interest and lees and related expenses) shall be
reimbursed, paid or amortized, as the case may be, including in the case oi termination, cancellation or
non—renewal upon termination oi this lnlrastructure Agreement or the appointment oi a new
Concessionaire.

b) The amounts so linanced by GAC SA and/or GAC Ltd shall be lully reimbursed paid or
amortized, as the case may be, until the lull repayment oi these amounts, cumulatively by:

(i) the payment into the Escrow Account oi the additional royalty lor the maintenance oi the
Channel, which is included in the Port Charges paid by all ships chartered by GAC SA
accessing the port oi Kamsar and those using the New Commercial Dock.

The State guarantees that 90% oi this Additional Royalty shall be allocated to the Debt
Service oi GAC SA and/or GAC Ltd and shall be paid directly to GAC SA. The terms oi
such payment shall be agreed upon by consensus between GAC SA and ANAIM.

Alter the lull reimbursement ol the Debt Service ol GAC SA and/or GAC Ltd, 90% ol such
royalty shall be retained by the State, subject to the provisions relating to the Escrow
Account in respect ol the maintenance ol the Channel.

(ii) the tariﬂ provided lor in Article 18.1, in accordance with Article 18.4.

ll the linancing is provided partially by GAC SA and partially by the State, the Parties will meet in order
to set out the adaptations to be made to the provisions above.

TITLE IX
FINAL PROVISIONS

ARTICLE 20: GENERAL TERMS

20.1 It shall be the responsibility ol ANAIM to obtain any agreement or authorisation lrom any third
party as well as any Authorisation lrom any administration or port authority, including the
Concessionaire, in order to enable the application, within the contemplated time lrame, ol the provisions
ol this lnlrastructure Agreement.

20.2 The State grants GAC SA, il it wishes, the right to access to the Hospital ol Kamsar lor the
requirements ol GAC SA’s needs and activities. An agreement will be signed lor that purpose as soon
as GAC SA will so request.

20.3 In case ol early termination ol the Concession Agreement lor whatever reason or its expiration,
the State, GAC SA and CBG will meet to establish a new model lor the operation ol inlrastructures

