within one (1) month. Aiter adoption, these plans ior the construction oi the Additional lnirastructures
and installations shall constitute the iinal Annex 3 C, which shall be an integral part oi this Agreement.

5.3 GAC SA and/or GAC Ltd or, as the case may be, the State, shall iinance the Additional
lnirastructures and installations (with the exception oi the Maritime Signaling and Communication
whose iinancing is provided ior in Article 11). GAC SA shall build or have built the Additional
lnirastructures and installations.

ARTICLE 6: NEW COMMERCIAL DOCK
6.1 construction oi the New commercial Dock:

a) he State has granted to GAC SA the right to develop (in one or more phases), to design, to
build, to iinance and to operate the New Commercial Dock in the Port oi Kamsar zone and to carry out
its po activities on this New Commercial Dock under the terms and conditions speciiied in this
lnirastructure Agreement.

b) o the extent required, the Direct Sub—Contractors oi GAC SA will beneiit with respect to the New
Commercial Dock irom the same rights as those granted to GAC SA under the Basic Agreement and
this Agreement.

c) he State shall be the owner oi the New Commercial Dock and oi the iixed equipments, subject
to the rights granted to GAC SA under this lnirastructure Agreement.

(1) he Parties coniirm that GAC SA beneiits irom an exclusive right oi access to and use oi the
Lay—down Zone during the Construction Phase and every Expansion. GAC SA will have access to the
French Dock, provided this use will respect the use oi this dock by CBG and according to the conditions
speciiied in Article 12 below.

e) he technical speciiications oi the New Commercial Dock and oi the construction programme are
set ou in Annex 3 D.

i) GAC SA will provide ANAIM with the development and construction plans as well as the costs
and schedules oi construction the New Commercial Dock, as irom the Eiiective Date, in their versions
available on this date.

6.2 conditions oi Use:

a) construction Phase:

During the Construction Phase, rights granted to GAC SA are oi an exclusive nature and include the
right to access and use without restriction the New Commercial Dock Zone and its equipments and the
Lay—down Zone tor the needs oi the Project.

b) Operation Phase:

The Parties have agreed that at the expiration oi the Construction Phase, the rights irom which GAC
SA then beneiits with respect to the New Commercial Dock will become non-exclusive, but that GAC

SA will beneiit irom a priority right oi access and use, provided however that in case oi Expansion(s),
as deiined under the Basic Agreement, this priority right will automatically become ior each Expansion

13

