TITLE V
OPERATING - MAINTENANCE AND RENEWAL

ARTICLE 12 BIS: SHARED INFRASTRUCTURES

The State and ANAIM shall ensure that the operation oi the Common lnirastructures by the
Concessionaire complies with (i) the Schedule oi Speciiications oi the Concession Agreement; (ii) the
Rules oi the Art; (iii) the principles set iorth in Annex 3 E and (iv) the operating rules reierred to in article
2.2 (c) oi Annex3 F.

ARTICLE 13: THE MAIN RAILWAY LINE

The State guarantees that the Concessionaire will ensure the maintenance and operation oi Main
Railway Line in accordance with the Schedule oi Speciiications oi the Concession Agreement and
Rules oi the Art and shall cure without delay any Anomaly so as to allow continuous and secure use ior
goods and persons.

GAC SA shall pay to the Concessionaire the amount set out in Article 18.2 to take its share oi the
maintenance charges.

The Technical Committee will establish a meeting programme to review the maintenance budget.

The State guarantees to GAC SA that the rules ior the use oi the Main Railway Line correspond to

international standards that apply in such matter and that they shall apply to all users. A copy oi such
procedure shall be delivered to GAC SA by ANAIM on the date oi execution oi this Agreement. GAC

SA agrees to comply with these rules.

ANAIM will ensure that the Concessionaire shall communicate on a yearly basis to the Technical
Committee the minutes made on the railway line and the related maintenance reports as soon as they
are available.

ANAIM will ensure that the Concessionaire shall communicate on a regular basis, the irequency oi
which is to be determined by the Technical Committee, the status oi the Main Railway Line and the
related maintenance programme to the Technical Committee.

GAC SA shall iniorm ANAIM oi any Anomaly or deiect which it may observe, in order ior ANAIM to take
all necessary measures to repair or have repaired these Anomalies or deiects without delay.

In order to enable the technical inspection and supervision oi the installations, ANAIM shall take all
necessary measures so that the Concessionaire regularly transmits to the Technical Committee the
operation and maintenance programmes oi the Existing lnirastructures and the Additional
lnirastructures and installations such as:

- Complete recording oi the geometry oi the track with analysis oi the data.
- The inspection reports ior the civil engineering constructions and installations.
- The statistical operation data and the periodic maintenance and inspection reports.

