NOW, THEREFORE,
THE PARTIES HAVE AGREED AS FOLLOWS:

TITLE I
DEFINITIONS

For the purpose oi this lnirastructure Agreement, the capitalised terms used in this lnirastructure
Agreement shall have the meaning given to them thereaiter; in the event oi a contradiction between the
deiinitions contained in this Agreement and those contained in the Basic Agreement, the latter shall
prevail:

"concession Agreement" means the agreement dated 13 June 1996 by which the State and ANAIM
granted to Compagnie des Bauxites de Guinee the Existing lnirastructures.

"Port Agreement" means the agreement between the State and GAC SA describing the rights granted
to GAC SA to certain port installations at the port oi Kamsar, the alumina carrier dock, the commercial
dock and the storage area that is to be constructed by GAC SA and/or its Afliliates.

"Proiect Activities" has the meaning given in the Basic Agreement.

"Attiliate" means any entity which, directly or indirectly, controls or is controlled by GAC SA, or which is
under joint control, directly or indirectly, with GAC SA. For the purpose oi this deiinition, the term
"control" (together with the terms "controlled by" or "underjoint control with") shall mean the direct or
indirect possession oi the power to take or cause to take the decisions oi management oi such entity.

"ANAIM" means Agence Nationale d’/lménagement des Infrastructures Miniéres de Guinée, which in
the past has acted and continues to act on behali oi the State, or any other structure oi the State which
may act on behali oi the State and in its name tor the purpose oi this Agreement, as it is the case tor
ANAIM, it being speciiied that the State shall cause (porte-fan‘) the obligations undertaken by ANAIM
pursuant to this lnirastructure Agreement.

"Annexes" means the annexes to this lnirastructure Agreement oi which they are an integral part.

"Anomalies" means any detect preventing or likely to prevent a normal use oi the Existing
lnirastructures or the Additional lnirastructures and installations or making their use dangerous tor

property or ior persons.
"Authorisation" has the meaning given in the Basic Agreement.

"Lenders" means the iinancial institutions which will iinance the construction oi the Additional
lnirastructures and installations.

"Successor Beneliciary" means any company which might become, on any basis whatsoever, in whole
or in part, the successor to the Concessionaire tor the purposes oi the inirastructures, rights and

obligations oi the Concession Agreement, and the appointment oi which must be approved by GAC SA,
in particular in order to ensure it meets the technical competence and human and iinancial resources

required to periorm its obligations.

