Annex 3 E — Operating principles regarding the use oi the Main Railway Line and the Port

Operating mles:

(1 The Concessionaire is to provide suiiicient daily train and channel slots over the number
required by the combined operations which can be used as slots tor either users to ensure
that their production levels can be meet.

(2 The Concessionaire must ensure that all users are allowed to operate theirtrains and ships
in an eiiicient manner to meet their production rates.

(3 The Concessionaire will provide suiiicient train and channel slots a day tor the users.
These slots will be spaced over the day to suit the train and ships operation schedules oi
the users.

(4 The Concessionaire will not cancel an allocated slot once allocated, unless agreed to by
the parties and the next available slot is oiiered in substitution provided there is no
disruption to other allocated slots.

(5 it any users’ train or ship is late tor its allotted slot the Concessionaire will ensure that the
late train or ship can take up the next available slot provided there is no disruption to other
allocated slots.

(6 All parties shall work together to achieve the smooth and eiiicient operation oi the supply
chain being the combined port and railway inirastructures.

shipping Protocols:

(1 Shipping to be scheduled so that ship arrivals and departures are aligned to ships drait,
water depth and current direction.

(2 All ship movements incoming and outgoing within the boundary oi the Channel will be
subject to dralt, water depth and current conditions.

(3 Laden incoming and outgoing ships can move on the same tide, draft, depth and current
permitting.

(4 Laden outgoing ships have priority over laden incoming ships due to drait, water depth and
current conditions.

(5 Laden ships have priority over empty ships on incoming and outgoing tides.

(6 The latest time a laden outgoing ship can sail is one hour beiore high tide.

(7 Ships can move through the channel in either direction at 1 hour intervals dependent on

berth availability, drait, water depth and current conditions.

