1 ANAIM cannot remedy the di11iculties or the adverse conditions o1 access or operation or
maintenance a1lecting GAC SA concerning the Existing ln1rastructures and the Additional
n1rastructures and installations and/or the Channel, including in case o1 strikes o1 ANAIM or
Concessionaire sta1'l or o1 situations a11ecting the normal or e11icient operation oi such ln1rastructures or
in the case oi Anomalies a11ecting the normal course and the security oi the transports, ANAIM commits
o appoint without delay any third party pro1essionals oi its choice, having the required competence and
experience, whether temporarily or de1initively, and at its own cost, in order to ensure a normal and
e11icient access, use and maintenance by GAC SA and its Direct Sub—Contractors. 11 a third party
3ro1essional would not be appointed under these conditions, GAC SA will have the right to assure, until
he situation is reestablished, its own needs on transportation, through use oi the Existing
n1rastructures, the Additional ln1rastructures and installations and/or the Channel or otherwise, at its
choice, either directly or by a third party pro1essional appointed by GAC SA 1or this purpose, at its
choice. GAC SA shall have the same right in case oi termination or expiry oi the Concession
Agreement (Article 20.3 above).

n this regard, GAC SA’s inability to gain access to a utilization which is required 1or the Project shall be
considered as an inability 1or GAC SA to access the in1rastructures, which shall be considered
according to, and 1or the purposes oi, the Basic Agreement, to be caused by the State.

he State acknowledges that within the context oi their 1inancings, GAC SA and/or GAC Ltd shall have

o grant, in accordance with the Basic Agreement, rights to the Lenders, under which the Lenders may
directly or indirectly replace GAC SA and/or GAC Ltd in their rights and obligations under the Basic
Agreement. In this case, the State guarantees GAC SA that it shall ensure that the successor shall
bene1it 1rom the rights and obligations resulting 1rom this ln1rastructure Agreement and the Operations
Agreement, in accordance with the Basic Agreement.

The State guarantees to GAC SA and GAC Ltd the continuity oi the rights and guarantees which are
granted to them under this ln1rastructure Agreement and this, in particular, 1or the whole duration oi the
Project and notwithstanding any mutation which could occur in CBG.

On its side, GAC SA undertakes vis—a—vis the State and ANAIM to comply with the obligations and 1ul1il
the guarantees 1or which it is responsible under this ln1rastructure Agreement. GAC SA shall be liable
1or the breach oi its undertakings under the conditions provided in Article 17 here above. In particular,
GAC SA undertakes to comply with the Rules oi the Art (including the sa1ety and environmental
applicable rules) during the carrying out oi the works planed in this ln1rastructure Agreement, what the
State and ANAIM recognize and accept.

ARTICLE 22: DURATION

This ln1rastructure Agreement is entered into 1or a duration starting on the E11ective Date. In accordance
with article 11.1 o1 the Basic Agreement pursuant to which the State guarantees to GAC SA a right o1
access and use o1 the Existing ln1rastructure (including the Channel) 1or the whole duration o1 the Basic
Agreement as de1ined in article 34.2.1 o1 the Basic Agreement, this ln1rastructure Agreement shall
remain in 1orce with 1ull e11ect 1or a duration equivalent to that o1 the Basic Agreement, whoever may be
the Concessionaire o1 the Common ln1rastructures.

