opinions and needs oi each User. These programmes will reilect the actual available capacity and
allocate slots to each User in proportion to their respective attributed capacity.

Any modiiication to the programmes adopted as above shall also be made by consensus with the
relevant User, it being speciiied that this consensus rule does not apply to emergency situations and
out—oi—course events. For the purposes oi this Article, “out-oi—course events” shall mean any event
happening on the Main Railway Line and Additional lnirastructures and installations related to it, which
is unioreseen and beyond the reasonable control oi the Concessionaire. In such instance, ANAIM and
the State shall ensure that the Concessionaire makes then its commercially reasonable eiiorts to iniorm
and consult with the aiiected User(s). ANAIM and the State shall ensure that the Concessionaire uses
its commercially reasonable eiiorts to minimize the disruption suiiered with respect to each such event
and restore the normal service pattern as quickly as possible.

Without prejudice to the provisions oi Articles 21 and 25, in the case oi breach oi this programme by the
Concessionaire, the State undertakes to eniorce the provisions oi the Concession Agreement and to
take all other legal measures necessary in order to ensure the correct implementation oi the
programme oi GAC SA.

in the case oi particular circumstances aiiecting the initial programme, GAC SA will request an
adjustment to the programme to the Concessionaire and ANAIM and the State shall ensure that they
will take to the iullest extent possible all measures necessary to deal with such particular
circumstances.

In the case oi particular circumstances aflecting the initial programme, ANAIM will request an
adjustment to the programme to the Concessionaire, and the State shall ensure that they will take to
the iullest extent possible all measures necessary to deal with such particular circumstances.

ARTICLE 9: IMPROVEMENT OF RAIL SIGNALING AND COMMUNICATION
9.1 Rail Signaling and Communication Equipment:

GAC SA will transmit o ANAIM, which will transmit to the Concessionaire, the drait programme oi
completion oi the improvements to the Rail Signaling and Communication in order to adapt it to modern
technology.

ANAIM will ensure tha the Concessionaire will submit a technical report to the Technical Committee
within three (3) months rom the date oi receipt oi the programme by the Concessionaire.

The Technical Commi ee will meet to review the programme with a view to adopt it by consensus. in
this respect, ANAIM undertake not to withhold their consent to GAC SA’s program without a legitimate
motivation, duly justiiied irom a technical and/or iinancial point oi view, nor to subject their consent to
conditions which are no dulyjustiiied irom a technical and/or iinancial point oi view.

In the case oi breach o the programme reierred in the last paragraph by the Concessionaire, the State
undertakes to eniorce the provisions oi the Concession Agreement and all other legal measures
necessary in order to ensure the correct periormance oi GAC SA’s programme.

9.2 GAC SA shall have the right to set up, at its own cost, complementary or separate
telecommunication ins allations in order to meet its own needs. GAC SA shall ensure that the
characteristics oi such installations are compatible with the existing ones.

17

