The design, ﬁnancing and construction oi the Domestic lnirastructures are under the entire
responsibility oi GAC SA pursuant to the Project.

The Domestic lnirastructures are and will remain the iull and entire property oi GAC SA, which has the
exclusive use oi them.

The iinancing and repayment conditions oi all design, development and construction expenses are
deiined in the Basic Agreement.

TITLE IV
PROVISIONS SPECIFIC TO THE INFRASTRUCTU RES

ARTICLE 8: THE MAIN RAILWAY LINE

The use oi the Main Railway Line (including the Rail Signaling and Communication) will take into
account the ireight requirements oi CBG and GAC SA.

8.1 Period oi expansion and improvement oi Existing Inlrastructures:

GAC SA shall provide ANAIM with a drait schedule ior the construction oi the Additional lnirastructures
and installations and ANAIM will then transmit it to the Concessionaire in accordance with the
provisions oi Article 5.2 above.

8.2 Period oi construction oi the plant:

Every quarter, GAC SA shall provide ANAIM with the programme oi the equipment and intrants that
GAC SA wishes to transport by train irom Kamsar to Sangaredi, ANAIM will then transmit it to the
Concessionaire. ANAIM will ensure that the Concessionaire will propose a programme oi transport ior
implementation answering to the needs oi GAC SA and will deiine the terms ior its implementation with
GAC SA.

8.3 Period oi operation oi the plant:

GAC SA shall annually provide ANAIM with GAC SA’s train movement programme, ANAIM will then
transmit it to the Concessionaire. Each programme shall be provided three (3) months beiore the
beginning oi the iollowing year and will be detailed each quarter and each month.

ANAIM will ensure that the Concessionaire submits a drait oi the general operating programme,
incorporating the programme submitted by GAC SA and all other Users (ii access is granted to them
under the conditions set iorth in Article 4.2), as well as all maintenance and renewal schedules, and
transmits it to the Technical Committee one (1) month prior to the beginning oi the iollowing year with
the detail oi all trains movements.

The Technical Committee shall meet to review the drait programme in order to adopt it by consensus.
The general operation annual programme adopted by the Technical Committee as indicated above

shall be the basis oi the monthly, weekly, and daily programming issued by the Concessionaire, in
coniormity with the Operating rules set out in Annex 3 E and taking into account the reasonable

16

