second, to GAC SA within the scope oi the transportation oi its intrants and oi the export
oi its alumina production tor the entire duration oi the Project.

For the purpose oi the rules above, “CBG Reﬁnery” means any alumina reiinery owned by, and under
complete control oi, CBG.

Moreover:

it, as a result oi the extensions oi CBG’s activities, including without limitation the
construction oi a CBG Reiinery, CBG’s capacity needs would increase beyond (i) the
Attributed Capacity as oi the Eiiective Date, which is, tor the purpose oi this lnirastructure
Agreement, as set iorth in section 2 oi Annex 3 l and (ii) alter the investment oi GAC SA
as contemplated in section 3 oi Annex 3 l, the capacity allocated to it pursuant to such
section 3, CBG shall have the obligation to create the additional capacity required by such
extensions and to bear the costs oi the inirastructure built to that eiiect.

GAC SA shall have the obligation to create any additional capacity above the Attributed
Capacity as oi the Eflective Date required as a result oi GAC SA’s activities’, including
without limitation the Project and any extensions thereoi, and to bear the costs oi the
inirastructure built to that eiiect. In this respect, alter the investment oi GAC SA as
contemplated in section 3 oi Annex 3 l, GAC SA’s allocated capacity is as set iorth in such
section 3.

Notwithstanding the above, it, as a result oi CBG’s activities, CBG’s capacity needs would
decrease below the Attributed Capacity as oi the Eflective Date as set out above, CBG
shall have the right to make available its remaining capacity to a third party User, in
agreement with ANAIM, in which case, such third party User shall not beneiit irom CBG’s
iirst priority.

These provisions do not aiiect those speciiically provided tor the New Commercial Dock.

The rules regarding day—today use oi the Existing lnirastructure and Additional
lnirastructures and installations are deiined in Articles 8 and 10 oi this Agreement.

In the event that capacity on the Existing lnirastructure and Additional lnirastructures and
installations used in common has to be rationed due to the necessity to undertake
maintenance, eiiect repairs, or respond to some other system constraint that may occur
irom time to time, such rationing tor each User shall be made pro—rata based upon the
programme agreed upon pursuant to the provisions oi Articles 8.3 and 10.2.

4.3 It is agreed that the capacity that may be made available to third parties contemplated in
paragraph 4.2 above shall not limit the capacity already made available to GAC SA or to CBG or to
another user. It is agreed that all costs generated by the work tor the creation oi additional capacity to
accommodate the needs oi such third parties and by the use by these third parties shall be paid by
such third parties or by the State.

4.4 Taking into account the demographic pressure in the industrial zone oi Kamsar, any connection
to the Main Railway Line which would cause the railway line to be doubled in the town zones must be
protected by any appropriate means tor the saiety oi the population.

11

