- State 70%;
- Escrow Account 30%.

GAC SA shall provide the State with prooi oi the investments made tor the construction.

These percentages shall, it necessary, be adjusted by mutual agreement between the State and GAC
SA to take into account the maintenance requirements oi the New Commercial Dock.

6.4 Port charges:

Any ship docking at the New Commercial Dock will have to pay to the port authorities oi the port oi
Kamsar, the Port Charges in accordance with procedures set out in this respect at the port oi Kamsar.

6.5 Use and maintenance:

a) During the Construction Phase oi its plant, GAC SA shall ensure the operation and maintenance
oi the New Commercial Dock and will have access tor such maintenance and repair requirements to
the Escrow Account. GAC SA will establish, with ANAlM’s agreement, an annual iorecast budget and
will intorm ANAIM oi its implementation on a quarterly basis.

b) During any Expansion phase oi its plant, GAC SA will beneiit irom an exclusive and unrestricted
right oi access and use oi the New Commercial Dock, its equipments and the Lay—down Zone. ANAIM
and the Concessionaire will ensure the maintenance and the operation oi the New Commercial Dock
and oi its iixed equipments with the iunds in the Escrow Account in order that the New Commercial
Dock and its equipments are always in a good state oi use. These provisions will not aiiect the terms
tor the allocation oi the Port Royalty as provided in Article 6.3 oi this lnirastructure Agreement.

c) At the end oi the Construction Phase and/or any new Expansion phase, ANAIM and the
Concessionaire will ensure the operation oi the New Commercial Dock and oi its iixed equipments as
well as its maintenance with the iunds in the Escrow Account in order that the New Commercial Dock
and its equipments are always in a good state oi use. These provisions will not aiiect the terms tor the
allocation oi the Port Royalty as provided in Article 6.3 oi this lnirastructure Agreement.

The terms tor the use oi the Escrow Account intended tor the maintenance will be deiined as soon as
possible by ANAIM, the State, the Concessionaire and GAC SA, within the Technical Committee.

The maintenance oi the New Commercial Dock shall be exclusively ensured by the iunds available in
the Escrow Account resulting irom the collection oi Port Royalties paid by the users oi the New
Commercial Dock.

The State shall take all necessary steps so as to ensure that suiiicient iunds are thereiore made
available to the Party responsible tor such maintenance to ensure the correct per1orrnance oi the
maintenance.

ARTICLE 1: DOMESTIC INFRASTRUCTURES
The Domestic lnirastructures are those located in the Industrial Zone and in the Port Area granted to

the beneiit oi GAC SA in Kamsar and Sangaredi, as per the Basic Agreement. The plans and general
speciiications oi these are set iorth in Annex 3 A.

15

