"New Commercial Dock Zone" means the zone made available to GAC SA by the State to build the
New Commercial Dock as well as its possible expansions, the coordinates oi which are detailed in
Annex 3 D.

"Expansions" has the meaning given in the Basic Agreement.

"Common inirastructures" means the Existing inirastructures and those oi the Additional
lnirastructures and Installations used by GAC SA and CBG, whose management and operation are
granted to the Concessionaire pursuant to the Operations Agreement, it being speciiied that the
Domestic lnirastructures are not Common lnirastructures.

"Domestic inirastructures" means the railway sectors in the zones oi the Sangarédi plant and in the
Kamsar industrial zone, the connection oi the Main Railway Line to the Kamsar industrial zone, as
described in Annex 3 A oi this Agreement.

"Existing inirastructures" means the inirastructures deiined in Article 2 oi this Agreement.

"Additional inirastructures and Installations" means the additional developments and constructions
to be built as set out in Article 5, it being speciiied that (with the exception oi the spur in the Main
Railway Line which regime is deiined in article ii.3(ii) oi the Basic Agreement) the Additional
lnirastructures and Installations are improvements to the Existing lnirastructures and are not additional
inirastructures in the sense oi article 11 oi the Basic Agreement.

"Main Railway Line" means the railway line to be used in common, as described in Title III.
"New Commercial Dock" means the dock to be built close to the French Dock, reierred to in Article 6.
"Proiect" has the meaning given in the Recitals oi this lnirastructure Agreement.

"construction Phase" means the period beginning on the Eiiective Date and ending on the last day oi
the twelfth calendar month iollowing the Date oi Commercial Production Stan—up.

"French Dock" means the dock ior the unloading oi goods (general ireight) oi a length oi 120 meters
with a tract oi asphalt oi about 100 meters by 50 meters and with a crane (Derrick) oi a nominal
capacity oi about 100 tonnes at 15 metres.

"Italian Dock" means the landing dock located near the French Dock.

"Port Royalty" means the whariage iees (also called “Quai Maxima”) due by the ships. They
correspond, and throughout the duration oi this Agreement they will correspond, to the rights usually
charged in pons oi the same type as Kamsar and, in any event, they shall be oi an equivalent amount
with respect to the Quai Maxima ior each type oi products and services as those paid by other ships
docking at the Port oi Kamsar and in particular those paid by the ships chartered by CBG or its
customers.

"Rules oi the Art" means all the norms oi quality, longevity and saiety usually accepted and applied by
proiessionals ior the requirements oi the construction, use, operation and/or management oi
inirastructures oi the same type and same purpose as those reierred to in this lnirastructure
Agreement.

