ANAIM will obtain all agreements oi third parties and Authorisations which may be necessary to
complete these Additional lnirastructures and installations and shall ensure that this plan is correctly
applied and in compliance with the agreed schedule.

It is agreed that GAC SA will iniorm ANAIM beiore undertaking these improvements in phase,
depending on the evolution oi its needs.

10.2 Joint use oi the channel:

GAC SA will transmit to ANAIM that will transmit to the Concessionaire the annual programme oi ship
movements prepared by GAC SA three (3) months beiore the beginning oi the iollowing year. This
programme shall be detailed quarterly and monthly.

ANAIM will ensure that the Concessionaire submits a drait oi the programme ior the general use oi the
Channel, incorporating the drait programmes submitted by CBG, GAC SA and the other Users (ii
access is granted to them under the conditions set iorth in Article 4.2) and communicates it to the
echnical Committee one (1) month prior to the beginning oi the iollowing year.

he Technical Committee shall meet to review the drait programme in order to adopt it by consensus.

he general operation annual programme adopted by the Technical Committee as indicated above
shall be the basis oi the monthly, weekly, and daily shipping programming issued by the
Concessionaire, in coniormity with the Shipping pro ocols set out in Annex 3 E and taking into account
he reasonable opinions and needs oi each User.

n the case oi breach oi this programme by the Concessionaire, ANAIM and the State undertake to
eniorce the provisions oi the Concession Agreemen and, ii necessary, any available legal measures in
order to ensure the correct implementation oi the programme oi GAC SA without delay, this without
orejudice to the provisions oi Articles 21 and 25.

GAC SA will communicate, at least each week, an uodate oi vessel nominations and anticipated vessel
arrival times along with any other iniormation which may give rise to the need ior an alteration o the
monthly, weekly, or daily shipping programme reierred to above. ANAIM and the State shall ensure
hat, each week, the Concessionaire, taking this iniormation along with similar iniormation in rela ion to
he CBG operations, or that oi any other User, and in compliance with the capacity entitlements o GAC
SA as reilected in the programme adopted by the echnical Committee, will update and republish the
weekly and daily shipping programmes.

Any modiiication to the republished programme shall be made by consensus with the relevant Lser, it
being speciiied that this consensus rule does no apply to emergency situations and out-oi—course
events. For the purposes oi this Article, “out-oi—course events” shall mean any event happening on the
Channel and Additional lnirastructures and lnstalla ions related to it, which is unioreseen and beyond
the reasonable control oi the Concessionaire. In such instance, ANAIM and the State shall ensure that
the Concessionaire makes then its commercially reasonable eiiorts to iniorm and consult wi h the
aiiected User(s). ANAIM and the State shall ensure that the Concessionaire uses its commercially
reasonable eiiorts to minimize the disruption suiiered with respect to each such event and restore the
normal service pattern as quickly as possible.

In addition, ior the purposes oi monitoring and daily management, in line with the best interests o GAC
SA, the State and ANAIM shall ensure that the Concessionaire:

19

