"Schedule ol Speciﬁcations" means the "Schedule oi Specilications" annexed to the Concession
Agreement.

"CBG" means the Compagnie des Bauxites de Guinee, which carries out the bauxite mining operations
in Sangaredi and surrounding zones and which is using the Existing lnlrastructure.

"Porl Charges" means the sums due by every ship entering the port oi Kamsar lor services, costs,
royalties, rights and other charges relating to services provided in the port as specilied hereinalter. Port
Charges correspond and will correspond lor the duration oi this Agreement, to the rights usually
charged in ports oi the same type as Kamsar lor services oi equivalent quality and salety and lor
products oi the same nature. In any event, their amount shall be equivalent to the amounts paid by the
other ships, entering the port oi Kamsar and in particular those paid by CBG or its customers in
Kamsar.

Port Charges are enumerated in Annex 3 G.

"Channel" means the access channel lrom the Atlantic Ocean to the port oi Kamsar with an
approximate total length oi 17 km and a width oi 120 meters, which could extended up to 200 meters,
on the Rio-Nunez.

"Technical Committee" means the committee whose composition, mission and operation are delined in
article 2 ol the Operations Agreement and relerred to in Annex 3 F.

"New commercial Dock Account" has the meaning given in Article 6.3(a).

"Escrow Account" means the bank account where the Channel maintenance royalty, which is included
in the Port Charges, along with a pan oi the Port Royalty as per article 7.3(b) oi the Operations
Agreement shall be paid; which shall be opened by the Parties in order to ensure the maintenance oi
the Channel lor the duration oi this Operations Agreement, and the operation oi which account shall
require the approval oi all the Parties under a procedure to be delined by the Parties lor that purpose.

"Special Account" mans the bank account relerred to in Article 18 which should be created and
managed in accordance with Article 18.

"Concessionaire" means the Compagnie des Bauxites de Guinée (CBG), acting on the date oi this
lnlrastructure Agreement as the beneliciary oi the concession on the Existing lnlrastructures under the
terms oi the Concession Agreement, as well as any Successor Beneliciary to the concession in relation
to the Existing lnlrastructures and the Additional lnlrastructures and installations.

"Operations Agreement" means the operations agreement concluded between the State/ANAIM, GAC
Ltd, GAC SA and the Concessionaire.

"Basic Agreement" shall have the meaning which is given to it in the recitals ol this lnlrastructure
Agreement.

"Date ol commercial Production Start-up" has the meaning given in the Basic Agreement.

"Ellective Date" means the el'lective date oi the Operations Agreement.

