Annex 3 F — Practical operating terms oi the Technical committee

2.1 :composition:

The Technical Committee shall be composed ot two (2) representatives ot each User (GAC SA and
CBG), two (2) representatives ol the Concessionaire and tour (4) representatives ot the State/ANAIM.

The Technical Committee will meet at least once every six months or more olten, at the request ot one
ol its members.

The Technical Committee shall be chaired by one ot the State/ANAIM representatives and a
representative ol the Concessionaire shall serve as the Secretary.

Between its meetings, the chairman shall be responsible tor the coordination ot all communications
within the Technical Committee.

2.2 Mission:
3)

1. he mission ot the Technical Committee is to take decisions regarding strategic
questions with respect to the use, expansions and renovations ot the intrastructures
under concession.

2. he Technical Committee shall monitor the eflective implementation ol the
Operations Agreement.

3. he Technical Committee is responsible tor examining the annual programmes tor
railway transport and ship movements prepared and submitted by the
Concessionaire on the basis ot the individual programmes ot the users established in
accordance with this Operations Agreement in order to obtain a consensus on their
application.

4. he Technical Committee is responsible tor analysing and validating the investment
oroposals and the operation budget submitted by the Concessionaire.

5. Each member ot the Technical Committee is responsible tor making available to the
echnical Committee the intormation necessary to tultill its mission.

6. he Technical Committee is responsible tor monitoring and advising the
Concessionaire in order to improve the operation in order to reduce the operating
costs ol the intrastructures.

7. he Technical Committee is responsible tor monitoring and providing advice
regarding the management, use and maintenance ot the intrastructures while having
as main objective the optimum use as well as the users’ production and protitability
objectives, and this while maintaining a sale and secure environment accordance
with the Rules ol the Art.

56

