an exclusive right between the date oi the commencement oi works oi such Expansion until the date oi
iinal acceptance oi the aiorementioned Expansion.

Accordingly, GAC SA will coniorm to the rules and procedures in iorce in the Port oi Kamsar regarding
the use oi the New Commercial Dock.

It is understood that the State shall ensure that the Concessionaire will take into account the ships
chartered by GAC SA, its Direct Sub—Contractors and its customers in its operating programme ior the
New Commercial Dock and the Port Charges and Port Royalties shall be identical to those applied to
all other ships docking at the New Commercial Dock.

GAC SA shall iniorm the State and ANAIM oi any deiinitive decision to proceed with an Expansion
suiliciently in advance (at least twelve months beiore the beginning oi the works) so that the State does
not take any commitments vis—a—vis third parties in respect oi the New Commercial Dock which would
risk to aiiect the exclusivity guaranteed by the State.

GAC SA and the ANAIM will deiine in common agreement the modalities oi use and maintenance ior
the period during which the rights oi use by GAC SA are not exclusive, respecting the priority access
and use mentioned above.

6.3. Porl Royalty:

a) The State warrants to GAC SA that it will take all measures so that any Port Royalty paid by the
users oi the New Commercial Dock is directly paid into an account specially opened by GAC SA, and
the State shall bear all costs, charges and interest due in the event oi delays or non-remittance oi the
required sums (the “New commercial Dock Account"), until the lull repayment oi the Debt Service oi
GAC SA and/or GAC Ltd.

The opening and the terms ior the operation oi this New Commercial Dock Account will be deiined in an
agreement between ANAIM and GAC SA.

b) GAC SA will be responsible ior the allocation oi the Port Royalty paid to the New Commercial
Dock Account to ensure the iull repayment oi the iinancing subscribed ior the construction oi the New
Commercial Dock as iollows:

- 70% Debt Service oi GAC SA and/or GAC Ltd related to the New Commercial Dock;

- 20% State;

- 10% Escrow Account.

These percentages could be adjusted by the State and GAC SA to take into account the variations oi
the Port Royalty.

These percentages shall, ii necessary, be adjusted by mutual agreement between the State and GAC
SA to take into account the maintenance requirements oi the New Commercial Dock.

c) Aiteriull payment oi the Debt Service oi GAC SA or/and GAC Ltd and subject to the provisions oi

paragraph (d) below, the New Commercial Dock Account will be closed and Port Royalty will be
allocated as iollows:

14

