Annex 3 D - Technical speciﬁcations ot the New commercial Dock and Implementation Program

The drawings and schedule set torth hereunder are indicative only.

Technical speciﬁcations

The New Commercial Dock which will be located at the Port ot Kamsar will be built to receive cargo
liners ot a capacity reaching 10,000 DWT. The New Commercial Dock will be used to discharge
various materials and equipments. Once discharged, the equipments and materials will be moved to the
Fletinery site by road or rail or the Alumina Dock platlorm by road.

The New Commercial Dock and its associated installations will include:

The deepening ot the existing French Dock channel to gives access to the New
Commercial Dock. The Channel will be dredged to — 6 m depth, approximately 600m ot
length and 60 m ot width. A berthing pocket, adjacent to the New Commercial Dock, will be
dredged at approximately — 9,5 m ot depth. This berthing pocket will be approximately 175
m ot length and 30 m ot width.

A quay with steel toundation piles and a deck made ot concrete having 170 m ot length and
35 m ot width. The quay will allow the loading and the unloading ot goods between boats
and the shore.

The equipments ot the quay will include: tenders, mooring bollards, navigation aids,
ladders.etc.

An approach trestle with steel piles and a concrete deck will provide the access trom the
New Commercial Dock. This trestle will have a length oi 70 m and a width ol 8 m.

It is planned to try to utilize the existing rail system at French Dock in conjunction with CBG
to move some ot the construction materials to the Fletinery site.

A Lay—down Zone will be provided to the north ot French Dock to marshal the trucks that
will take the construction material to the construction areas.

A temporary barge unloading tacility may be installed in the Lay—down Zone to tacilitate the
return ot containers.

General measures ot Security, in particular guardrails.
Other elements necessary to the operation ol a port lay down area.

The structures will be designed in accordance with international standards tor marine structures.

The materials used will be adapted to the marine environment.

The security and load tactors will be based on the BS 6349 standard or international equivalent.

The design ot concrete structures will be done in compliance with the BS 8500 standard or international

equivalent.

51

