4.5 All stations and crossing points shall also be protected by enclosures.

4.6 GAC SA's rolling stock that will be used on the Main Railway Line shall have technical
characteristics that are compatible with those oi the rolling stock currently used by CBG and shall be
compliant with technical speciiications oi the Main Railway Line.

4.7 In addition, ii GAC SA desires to operate its rolling stock or entrust the operation oi its rolling
stock to a Direct Sub—Contractor other than CBG, a special agreement shall be established between the
Concessionaire, GAC SA and/or such Direct Sub—Contractor, as the case may be, which the State
guarantees.

in such event, GAC SA or its Direct Sub—Contractor’s train drivers shall be trained and certiiied by the
Concessionaire in accordance with the standards developed by the Concessionaire in compliance with
the railway operating rules and shall comply with the operating instructions provided by the
Concessionaire.

The Concessionaire may, in conjunction with GAC SA, inspect the rolling stock and/or audit its
maintenance to determine compliance with the Rules oi the Art and to attempt to prevent damage to the
Main Railway Line. Such inspection/audits will not unreasonably disrupt the operations oi GAC SA,
which ANAIM guarantees. All inspection and audit reports will be shared between the Parties.

ARTICLE 5: ADDITIONAL INFRASTRUCTURES AND INSTALLATIONS
5.1 The Additional lnirastructures and installations include:
he developments and constructions on the Main Railway Line, at the junction point PK

104+900,

he connecting spur oi the Main Railway Line starting at thejunction point and leading to
he plant oi Sangaredi, oi a length oi approximately 15 kilometres (which do not constitute
a Common lnirastructure),

he passing tracks,

he crossing constructions,

he level crossings,

he Rail Signaling and Communication,

he Maritime Signaling and Communication
he public security works,

he Channel improvements,

he New Commercial Dock.

The technica aspects oi Additional lnirastructures and installations are provided in Annex 3 C.

5.2 The plans ior development and construction as well as the costs and the time irame to construct
the Additional lnirastructures and installations (taking into account the ireight oi CBG) must be
communicated by GAC SA to ANAIM to be transmitted to the Concessionaire on the Eiiective Date.
The State undertakes that the Concessionaire shall submit a technical report to the Technical
Committee within three (3) months. The Technical Committee will review it ior the purpose oi adopting it

12

