The previous tarifl shall remain applicable as long as the Parties will not have determined the new
applicable conditions. The State and ANAIM coniirm that GAC SA shall be involved in the process oi
modiiication oi the Concession Agreement and/or the execution oi an agreement with a Successor
Beneliciary.

TITLE VIII
FINANCING

ARTICLE 19: FINANCING

19.1 GAC SA and/or GAC Ltd will ensure the iinancing, construction and implementation oi the
Additional lnirastructures and installations (with the exception oi the Maritime Signaling and
Communication). ANAIM and/or the State has the right to propose to GAC SA to seek concessional
iinancing in order to iinance the Additional lnirastructure and installations works (provided that this does
not delay or aflect the iinancing negotiated by GAC SA and/or GAC Ltd or its modalities and that this is
accepted by the Lenders).

The amounts invested by GAC SA and /or GAC Ltd (in equity or by iinancing obtained irom the
Lenders) tor the design, the implementation and the construction oi the Additional lnirastructures and
installations shall be reimbursed pursuant to the provisions oi Article 19.4.

The State shall become the owner oi the Additional lnirastructures and installations in accordance with
the provisions oi the Basic Agreement and the provisions herein.

19.2 The Additional lnirastructures and installations which may be iinanced and constructed by GAC
SA are:
- The Railway Line  );
- The Rail Signaling and Communication (Annex 3 C);
- The Channel to access to the port (Annex 3 C);
- The New Commercial Dock.

The Parties speciiy that the iinancing terms applying to the New Commercial Dock are provided in
Article 6 above.

19.3 concessionnal rate linancing:

As the Existing lnirastructures have been iinanced by concessionnal rate loans, the Parties agree to
use their best eiiorts to iinance the Additional lnirastructures and Installations in the same manner.

GAC SA and /or GAC Ltd will make themselves available to participate actively in this process upon
request oi the State vis—a—vis the lenders tor the granting oi concessional iinancing.

