he Concessionaire is responsible ior the maintenance oi the Existing lnirastructure and the
Additional lnirastructure and installations oi common use (subject to article 7.5 oi the Operations
Agreement as regards the New Commercial Dock) the day—to—day operation oi the railway
ransport and ship movement operations in consultation with the users and in accordance with
he provisions hereoi and the Concession Agreement.

he Concessionaire shall resolve operational issues that may arise in relation with the objectives
oi the users in accordance with the annual programmes set out according to the Operations
Agreement.

he Technical Committee shall not replace the Concessionaire as regards the day—to—day
operation oi the inirastructures mentioned in the Ooerations Agreement.

0)
he management oi the Kamsar Port, responsibe ior the operation oi the port will update the
Kamsar Port Rules oi 1997 and will set out new operating rules applicable to the Kamsar Port ior
he eiiicient and saie operation oi the Port.

he management oi the Main Railway Line, responsible ior the operation oi the Main Railway

_ine will set out new operating rules applicable to
operation oi the railway.

hese new operating rules shall reilect the opera
GAC SA, CBG and the Concessionaire, and ann

he Main Railway Line ior the eilicient and saie

ing plans and methodologies agreed upon by
exed hereto (Annex 3E). Both managements

shall collaborate with the Technical Committee in this respect to ensure the practical
implementation oi such plans and methodologies. Once so iinalized, the new operating rules
applicable to the Main Railway Line and the Kamsar Port shall be submitted ior approval to the
relevant State authorities. Following such approva , the Technical Committee shall provide copies
oi such rules to all parties to the Operations Agreement.

2.3 Operation

For issues which do not relate to day—to—day operation, the Technical Committee shall adopt its
decisions by consensus. li no consensus is reached within the period set out in the Operations
Agreement or ii, ior an action ior which the Operations Agreement has not provided ior a period, no
consensus is reached within 90 days iollowing the date the Technical Committee discussed the
necessity oi a decision, then in each oi these cases, the chairman, acting on behali oi the State — the
owner oi the inirastructures — will seek the advice oi an independent expert whose competence in the
iield oi inirastructures operation is internationally recognized, he will iniorm the parties and take his
decision under his responsibility at the end oi the period in question.

The application oi this procedure and any decision taken by the State may not limit the right oi any
member oi the Technical Committee to challenge such decision and to protect its rights against any
adverse consequence which could result irom such decision, such challenge shall be made in
accordance with the dispute resolution provisions that exist in all the agreements to which such
challenging party (to the Operations Agreement) is party.

57

