(vii) the costs oi material and inirastructure works which during the term oi this Agreement
are charged to capital but are not captured under Article 18.3.

The Parties acknowledge the complexities associated with railway costing and in this regard agree that
where:

(i) costs are directly incurred, or assets directly used, in the periormance oi services
and/or other activities related to the maintenance, repair and operations oi the Main
Railway Line and the Additional lnirastructures and Installations related to it (the
“Services”), those costs and assets should be directly identiiied and assigned;

(ii) costs are incurred, or assets are used, in common with respect to the Services, and
where there is a causal relationship between the resources used and the Services,
these costs shall be attributed on a reasonable basis oi cost causality; and

(iii) assets, costs, and investments are used jointly tor the provision oi the Services, and
where there is no direct causal relationship between the resources used and the
Services, these costs shall be allocated on a reasonable basis.

Consistent with these principles, CBG will within two years oi the execution oi this Agreement prepare a
commercially reasonable costing manual which will include:

(i) a chart oi accounts identiiying the direct costs, attributed costs and allocated costs,
along with the basis tor their identiiication, attribution and allocation; and

(ii) a register oi assets to be used in the provision oi the Services and their values.

he costing manual will be subject to the review and approval oi GAC SA; provided that such approval
shall not be unreasonably withheld, conditioned or delayed. Such costing manual shall also be subject
o iurther revision irom time to time in accordance with the preceding process.

he costing manual will present the methods to be used in calculating the management lee. The
°arties may, however, agree on an allocation iactor to be used tor this purpose in lieu oi the application
oi the methods presented in the manual.

18.3 GAC SA shall pay a pro rata allocation tor the Major Works Charges (as deiined below) which
oro rata allocation shall be calculated in the manner set iorth in Section 18.2.

=or the purpose oi this clause, “Major Works Charges” means the costs associated with the major
repair or renewal works relating to the Main Railway Line and the Additional lnirastructures and

nstallations related to it (including the Rail Signaling and Communications) identiiied and agreed to in
he live year rolling plan prepared by the Concessionaire and approved by the Technical Committee.

=or the purpose oi the above provisions, the Concessionaire shall put in place a cost accounting
system based on the principles outlined tor the costing manual in Article 18.2. GAC SA shall have
access to the accounting and iinancial elements oi the Concessionaire related to the costs oi
maintenance and major works tor the purposes oi coniirrnation and control. GAC SA shall have the
right to have these documents audited, at its own expense, by any certiiied accountant oi its choice,
orovided (i) any recipient oi such documents and iniormation shall execute a reasonably acceptable
coniidentiality agreement; and (ii) a copy oi such report(s) shall be provided to the Concessionaire.

